Chitwan SoftTech Privacy Policy 
for
Nepal Idol Automatic Voting System (NIAVS) application


Last Updated: August 23, 2017 06:10 PM GMT+5:45 

Your privacy is important to Chitwan SoftTech. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to the Chitwan SoftTech Nepal Idol Automatic Voting System (NIAVS) mobile applications and explains how personal information is collected, used, disclosed, and protected by Chitwan SoftTech.. 

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy, we will inform you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Chitwan SoftTech website or Github Repo. Those changes will go into effect on the “last updated” date shown in the revised Privacy Policy. You consent to the revised Privacy Policy by continuing to use NIAVS Services. We encourage you to check this Privacy Policy whenever you use NIAVS Services to understand how your personal information is used. 

What Does This Privacy Policy Cover? 
In your dealings with NIAVS you may provide us with Device Permission for personal access i.e SMS Permission. SMS Permission for the purposes of this Privacy Policy means used for accessing features related to the User's messaging including the sending, receiving and reading of SMS. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of entities that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage. 
More generally, we think of our privacy policy as a feature and hope that you’ll agree.  


What data do we collect?
NIAVS helps you to send your message directly without opening your Default SMS app. It’s an android platform to vote your Nepal Idol contestant from mobile apps.
In order to provide this service we access SMS Permission to send the SMS.We use this service to provide the NIAVS service.
NIAVS is an Android service, which means that it’s running and access permission from the moment it’s first started until it’s uninstalled from your device.

Android Permissions
We request the following android permissions for the following reasons:
android.permission.WAKE_LOCK. Needed to prevent the app from sleep
android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED. Needed to notify the app after reboot
android.permission.SEND_SMS. Needed to send SMS


Enforcement 
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you should first contact us at chitwansofttech@gmail.com

Contacting Us 
Any questions about this Privacy Policy should be addressed to chitwansofttech@gmail.com
